[Narrator]
Last Dragon Ball Z Kai...
It seemed that our heroes
had caught their first break!
As the forces of evil
fought amongst themselves,
Gohan ventured off to find the
Dragon Ball hidden by Vegeta
at a nearby village,
while Krillin raced back
to the cave with a Dragon
Ball of his own...
But with the five remaining
Dragon Balls, and now
an injured Vegeta, still
firmly in Frieza's clutches,
can our heroes' luck
hold out? Find out, now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[Narrator] "The
Scheme is Shattered!
Vegeta Strikes
Back at Zarbon!"
[Appule] You've taken quite
a beating there, pal.
We could be in for
a long haul here.
Damn it all... As if
there's not enough
pressure around
here as it is...
Unless I can somehow nurse
you back to consciousness,
Frieza'll have my
head on a pike.
I hope that does it...
Nothing to do now but wait
and keep my fingers crossed.
Ahh!
[Appule screams]
Vegeta... How does he fare?
Lord... He's been stabilized...
It won't be long now.
That is excellent
news for you.
Yes... sir.
[explosion]
What?! That explosion came
from just down the hall!
Indeed.
[Vegeta chuckling]
Guess the speed at which
I'm able to recuperate
was more than you
bargained for.
Now...
[running steps]
[explosion]
No... It had to have come
from the treatment room, sir!
Well don't just
stand there!
This can't be happening!
Vegeta's escaped!
He what?!
Frieza's with him. Perfect.
Idiot! Give chase
immediately!
Y- Yes, my lord!
[Frieza] He can't
have gotten far.
Drag the scoundrel back
here in a heap if you must,
just find him!
Or so help me
you'll wish you'd
never been born!
Fools... Like taking
candy from a baby.
[Vegeta laughs]
[laughter]
[Vegeta] "Dear Lord Frieza,
I regret to inform you that
by the time you read this,
your undisputed reign will have
come to a screeching halt...
Kind Regards, Vegeta."
[laughter]
It's my turn now!
[beeping]
Let's see...
It should be real close.
[shock]
Why? Why did this
have to happen?
Vegeta... You horrible monster!
Son of a... Don't
think you'll get away!
I'll find you... You rat!
No one could've scampered
off that quickly...
He must be hiding
somewhere nearby...
[Frieza] Ah, you mock me with
your incompetence, Zarbon!
[Zarbon] Lord Frieza...
I'm sure there's a perf--
Know that I hold
you responsible
for our friend's
untimely flight...
In your position, I'd track
him down... And quickly!
[chuckle] That's right, moron...
Leave no stone unturned.
Heh... One, two, three,
four, five... Good.
[Vegeta] I hate to come
off all ungrateful after
putting you through all the
trouble of healing my injuries,
but let's face it:
I've earned these.
Trouble is... it's not as
though I can just waltz
out the front door
with all five
Dragon Balls tucked
under my arm.
Damn.
[Vegeta powers up]
Alright... Time for phase two!
Hey, genius! Way to
look inside the ship
before running off
on a wild goose chase!
Oh hell!
[Vegeta screams]
[Zarbon screams]
You bastard!!!
[chuckle]
Now!
Could you tell where his voice
was coming from, my lord,
or is it possible--
No! No he's...
He's pilfering my Dragon
Balls right under our noses!
Out you go!
Well... Looks like my
work here is done.
[running steps]
No! No! No!
Thieving ape!!!
Where... Where he's
gone this time?!
[Zarbon frantic]
[Zarbon] Frieza, my lord!
Is... Is he perhaps
still on the ship?
[Frieza] This is your
mess! You find him!
[Zarbon] Yes, sir!
[Vegeta chuckling]
If I know these
two imbeciles,
they'll expect me
to flee by air.
But I wasn't
born yesterday.
[Frieza] Absolutely
unacceptable!!
You let Vegeta and
my precious bounty
slip through your fingers
in one fell swoop!
It's unthinkable that he
could have absconded
with all five Dragon Balls
in the twinkling of an eye!
I will conduct my own search
of the ship's interior--
you, however, will comb
the surrounding areas
for all you're worth!
Sir.
If Vegeta is not standing
before me within the hour,
the only thing to calm my wrath
will be your life. Understood?
Understood.
[beeping]
Huh? This way? It's not
inside the houses?
Oh, I get it!
Not even Vegeta woulda looked
at the bottom of the lake!
It's perfect-- of course!
Awesome!
[exhale]
I found you!
Alright. Surely they didn't
land much farther than this.
[laughter] Perfect!
I throw a mean curveball
if I do happen to
say so myself...
The only thing Frieza's
pitching now is a fit.
I've got you right where I want
you don't I, you bastard?
[laughter]
All I need to do is drudge
up the one nestled safely
underwater, and I'm one step
away from having all seven!
Somebody's headed this way...
Someone powerful...
Huh... It's not Zarbon,
the power level is far too low.
Wha-- It can't be!
[laughter] This is awesome!
Gohan, once I've gotten you
to the Grand Elder's place,
you're gonna be a force to be
reckoned with-- I guarantee it!
It's the wretched earthling!
Wait, what is he doing
on Planet Namek?!
And what in the world is he
doing with a Dragon Ball...?
[laughter] Evidently
today's the day
Fortune decides
to smile on me!
[evil laughter]
Seriously, this has
gotta be a new record!
Well now, looks like
the Dragon Balls
are even more popular
than I thought!
It's a shame he's
come all this way,
to have that one swiped
right out from under him!
[laughter] Oh, this is
almost too good to be true!
Vegeta! Where are you?!
If only I had a scouter!
The way things
are going right now,
I might as well hide
myself under a rock...
Come on!
You're determined
to be the end of me
one way or another,
aren't you?
Ah-ha! There!
[Zarbon] No, wait.
It's just the insect who rescued
that whiney Namekian brat.
And am I... crazy or is that
a Dragon Ball he's carrying?
[Zarbon] Vegeta!
I've locked on you now! And you
are going to rue the day!
Huh? Another power level
closing in on me...
That's gotta be
Zarbon, surely...
Ha, couldn't leave
well enough alone, huh?
Still, I shouldn't complain...
I get to kill two birds
with one stone...
He's bound to be so frazzled
after our last encounter
that his guard'll be down...
This really is my lucky day!
[sigh]
[Krillin laughs]
Sorry...
[whimpers]
What the hell
is wrong with you?
Are you trying to kill me?!
I thought we all agreed
you'd stay inside the cave...
I mean, I know you need
the light to read by and all,
but you're gonna get
spotted out here...
Whatever! I've only been out
here like all of two seconds!
Ooh... Is that what
I think it is?!
You actually found one?!
[chuckle] Pretty neat, huh?
Wow...
I guess the homegrown
variety are a lot
bigger than we're used to...
You shoulda seen
the Grand Elder.
Turns out he's
really cool.
Oh, but that's just the start!
Gohan's still inside, right?
He and I have a
little trip to make
back to the Grand
Elder's place.
You're not gonna believe
what that old guy can do!
Um, yeah... About that...
he's kinda off on his
own at the moment...
A Dragon Ball popped up on the
radar over near that village
Vegeta was attacking,
and he went to go look for it.
Ahh... Please tell
me you're joking.
What the?! There's an
energy right on top of us...!
And it is huge!
Is it Gohan? That
didn't take very long.
No... We're not
that lucky.
[Both] Ah! It's Vegeta!!!
He must've followed me!
I was so pumped from getting
stronger, I didn't even notice!
Huh. Fancy our paths
crossing here, Earthling...
I never would've
suspected your kind
capable of
interstellar flight,
given the state
of your civilization...
But judging from
the Dragon Ball
you're clutching
so tightly there,
it appears you've come all this
way for the same reason I did.
That's right...
We can do this the easy way or
the hard way-- it's up to you...
Now, the two of you can
choose to stay put here
while I attend to some
unfinished business
or you can try to run
and make this much uglier.
And it seems
we have a guest...
[chuckle]
Oh, he's cute...
With a face like that,
he's must be one
of the good guys;
come to whisk us bravely
out of harm's way?
I wouldn't count on it.
[wind blowing]
Can this be any worse?!
What are you talking
about? He's gorgeous!
Have you lost your mind?!
Ever hear of not judging
a book by its cover?!
Well, yeah, but... I mean
look at those eyes...
Just trust me, I don't
have to look at his eyes.
I'm sorry, what
were you saying?
You have no taste in
boyfriends, Bulma. Seriously.
Interesting... You
make me look the fool
and now all you can do
is just stand there.
[chuckle]
Ah... I recognize baldy...
A new friend you've made since
you've got here, perhaps...
[terrified]
[giddy]
All the pieces are beginning
to fall into place.
Hey, big boy!
Over here...
Just so you know,
I'm rootin' for ya!
You've got a fan club.
That's right--
have a laugh, then...
You have absolutely no idea
how much I'm going to enjoy
watching Lord Frieza
put that mouth of yours
through the wringer...
One way or another,
you will tell us where the
remaining Dragon Balls are.
Oh... Is that a fact?
[chuckle] That's enough...
[Vegeta] Yahhh!!
I've had it with you!
He's gotten limber...
Ha! Don't hold back
for my sake, please.
[petrified]
[growl]
'kay you win--
he's a bad guy!
His energy just went
straight through the roof!
[Krillin] This is bad.
Really, really bad...!
[growl]
That's it. Take the bait...
[growling laughter]
[chuckle]
Damn it!
Haahhhhhhh!!!
This is our chance... We gotta
run! Let's go Bulma...
What?! He's gonna pound
us to dirt if we run!
He's gonna pound us into
dirt if we don't... C'mon!
Ahh!
No you don't!
Wahhh!
Great, what now?! Does
nothing get past this jerk?
There's a ton of energy...
And it's coming right
from where I left Bulma!
I'd better hurry!
How dare you...
You bastard!
[chuckling] Wow. You
don't look so good...
Our little scuffle appears to
be taking quite a toll on you...
Forgive me for saying so,
but I don't think you'll last
much longer at this rate.
Is that what you
think? [laughter]
A comedian to the
very end, I see!
Your power pales
in comparison to mine!
How awkward. I thought
you of all people
would be acquainted
with Saiyans enough
to know the serious trouble
you're in right now...
[growling]
You were foolish to
treat me so carelessly
knowing our fight had left me
at death's door... Weren't you?
When a Saiyan recovers
from the kind of damage
you dished out to
me, old friend,
he only becomes that
much more powerful.
[shock]
Of course. That's it...
That's how Goku was able to get
so much stronger after
every battle he lost...
So, then... Exactly how
powerful is Vegeta now?
Posture all you want! Scum
like you could come back
from the abyss a
hundred times over
and not be one-tenth as mighty
as I am in my present form!
[chuckling]
[charge growl-yell]
I'll show you how your might
compares to that of a Saiyan!
[shock]
Vegeta... I was just...
fo- following orders...
I- I beg- beg you... mercy...
After all the years of being
spat on and taunted by you,
I'm expected to
show you mercy?
Hear me out... if we...
joined... together...
we could prevail
over Frieza...
[Zarbon screams]
[Bulma shrieks]
[Zarbon fading yell]
[Vegeta chuckles]
♪ Closing Song ♪
[Goku] Hey! It's me, Goku!
Just another couple o' days
before I land on
Planet Namek, guys!
Whatever you do, stay safe!
[Krillin] Damn it! All the
trouble I went through
getting that Dragon
Ball, and now this!
You're pretty much the only
hope we got left, Goku.
For cryin' out loud, when
you get here, lay low!
[Goku] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
"A Touch-and-Go Situation!
Gohan, Protect the
Four-Star Ball!"
[Gohan] Let's get out of here
and wait for a better shot!